I saw a tart in a market in Paris that had fine chopped green strands on the top and this intregued me , when I asked I was told that they were bayleaf .
The bayleaf had been copped into fine strips and scattered over the tart before it was cooked.
I decided to try this , but as I am allergic to fish I had to rely on my lovely husband to taste it so I hope it tastes as god as he insisted it did as his usuall response to food I cook is 'mmmm lovely' but when he tasted the tart he say ' ohhh fantastic you can cook this again ' !
I severed it with a side salad

Method


First make the pastry ,
Into a bowl put the butter , flour and a pinch of salt
Rub this together with your finger tips until it's combined and has the look of breadcrumbs.
UsIng a blunt and round ended knife (or you finger tips.) mix in a little water until the pastry clumps together . I use a knife as it keeps the pastry cooler.
It's hard to give an exact amount as this depends on the type of plain flour you are using and also , believe it or not , the weather !
You don't want the pastry too wet do add just enough to work the dough together into a ball.
Put the pastry into the fridge to chill for a little while. (15 minutes should be ok )
(**** or you could skip making the pastry all together and use a ready made and ready rolled pastry !...,Or even a ready made pie case !)
Remove the pastry from the fridge and roll it out on a lightly floured boars and using a floured rolling pin .
Once you think it's rolled enough , check the size by placing the tin on top of the pastry and making sure the pastry is rolled enough to fit into the base and sides of the tin.
Line the flan tin with the pastry.
Once you have got the pastry in place you can cut off the excess easily by simply rolling the rolling pin over the top edge of the tin .
Place a piece of baking paper into the tin and cover with baking beans .
Blind bake for aprox 15 minutes
Whilst the tart blind bakes
Take the fresh bay leaves , wash and dry them and cut out the central spine , cut the leaves in half and then chop them into finely .
in a bowl Beat together the eggs and the cream and season with salt and pepper.
When the pastry is blind baked take out the baking beans and paper .
Put the flaked salmon into the base of the pastry case and pour the egg and cream mixture over the salmon , scatter the chopped bay leaf over the top and then retern the tart to the oven to cook .
It will probably take around 15 to 20 minutes. ( I'm no good with times !)
Cool a little before removing the tart from the tin .

Ingredients

PASTRY :
8 ounces ( 225 grams plain flour )
4 ounces ( aprox 125 grams butter )
Pinch of salt
Chilled water
FILLING:
4 eggs ( medium or large sized )
80 ml ( 3 fluid ounces ) cream
aprox 200 ( around 7 ounces ) grams cooked salmon I used a hot smoked salmon , but this isnt always easy to find .
A few fresh bay leaves
Salt and pepper
You need an 8 inch loose bottomed flan tin
Preheat the oven to 170 degrees C / 325 F

